Characters/Air Conditioners/AEX.md, before:

---
aliases:
  - JHR
  - EXMGR
  - HR
  - PCR
---
AEX is a [character](Characters) the host of [[Megarchive Warehouse Show]]. AEX also used to be the host of [[AACOS]], but you know its now a part of the [[Megarchive Warehouse Show]]. 

When I said that AEX also used to be the host of AACOS, I meant [JHR](AEX.md#JHR) of AEX and not AEX as a whole. This also means that JHR is the host of MWS, and the rest are just his co-host because they are also AEX ig. To recap this, JHR is the host while the rest kinda co-hosts.

AEX is kinda like [VXU](VXU.md) in physiology. 

## Identity
AEX is a Sharp Multi-Split [heat pump](Air%20Conditioners.md) system. They are a quadruplets composed of 4 units:
- JHR (AY-XPC12JHR)
- EXMGR (AE-XM30GR)
- HR (AY-XPM18HR)
- PCR (AY-XPC7JR)

AEX's name is pronounced as:
- AYX (Aycks)
- AEX (A-E-X)
- Axe
- Ex

These quadruplets are siblings. AEX is like [VXU](VXU.md), where they are four person in a single person. [JHR](#JHR) is the dominant sibling out of AEX.

Have this dominance list (top is most dominant):
1. [JHR](#JHR)
2. [EXMGR](#EXMGR)
3. [HR](#HR)
4. [PCR](#PCR)
Yeah, PCR is least dominant in AEX despite her being the nicest. Funnily enough, she is the only normal one, cus everyone else in AEX has something wrong in some way mentally. Everyone does not have full-on mental disorders such as [ToshyFEN](ToshyFEN.md) and no way are they as bad as ToshyFEN's mental health, and this also means that everyone is sane. Nobody is insane in AEX. Its just that everyone except PCR have quirks in their mental state/headspace.

Another note is despite JHR being more dominant than EXMGR, EXMGR is the method of locomotion for AEX. So EXMGR is responsible for movement because he is the legs while JHR, HR and PCR are not the legs.

Have this friendliness list (top is the most friendly):
1. [PCR](#PCR)
2. [EXMGR](#EXMGR)
3. [JHR](#JHR)
4. [HR](#HR)

Have this sanity ranking too (Top is most sane, bottom is least):
- [PCR](#PCR)
- [HR](#HR)
- [JHR](#JHR)
- [EXMGR](#EXMGR)
Everyone here is still sane, don't worry. This is just relative to each members of AEX. EXMGR while being the least sane in AEX, is still sane to the outside world. This means that PCR, HR and JHR is still sane as EXMGR is the least sane in this siblingry while still being sane to the outside world.

Everyone in AEX is some kind of european. AEX is also european.

AEX identifies as non-binary would like to be referred to as they/them, meanwhile each individual members have their own pronouns and gender identity. This is because if you are referring to AEX, just like [VXU](VXU.md) you are referring to 4 person rather than one and therefore would be a mix of gender and pronouns (the non-binaryness is to help abstract the differences).

Whatever you do, don't try to disconnect a member of AEX from AEX. This is not only rude, but would also hurt them. An example is disconnecting [EXMGR](AEX.md#EXMGR) from [JHR](#JHR) by ripping JHR off or disconnecting the cables. Not only would it hurt both EXMGR and JHR, but it would also hurt [HR](#HR) and [PCR](#PCR).

Some cool things is that [JHR](#JHR) is the only one capable of being installed as a single-split system. [PCR](#PCR) and [HR](#HR) is meant for multi-split installations (which they are right now) and not single split systems. [EXMGR](#EXMGR) is an outdoor unit for multi-split systems.

[EXMGR](#EXMGR), [JHR](#JHR) and [HR](#HR) are the original installations while [PCR](#PCR) is a later addition.
### JHR
JHR is a wall-mounted Sharp AY-XPC12JHR [heat pump](Air%20Conditioners.md). His name is pronounced as Jay-Eitch-Ar and derived from the JHR part of his species as a Sharp AY-XPC12JHR.

JHR is the dominant sibling out of AEX. He is not the strongest one physically though in AEX. JHR is one of the most intelligent person in MWS.

JHR has arms and legs.

JHR is considered sociopathic and sadistic. His sadism is not that extreme and it only manifests in his sociopathy. Basically he has *Antisocial Personality Disorder*.

He was born in March 15, 2008. JHR is a cisgender and bisexual male (he/him).  
If skin color is considered, he is white.

JHR owns a *TRS-80 Model 100* portable computer. He finds it way useful for life and work purposes. The other people to own a *TRS-80 Model 100* is [Vista](Vista.md).

### EXMGR
EXMGR is a Sharp AE-XM30GR [outdoor unit](Air%20Conditioners.md). EXMGR though can support 4 units, is configured to support 3 because of [HR](#HR). 

EXMGR's name is pronounced as:
- E-X-M-G-R
- E-X-Manager (Prefered)
- Ex-Manager
- Ex-M-G-R
His name is derived from the "AE-X" and the "GR" of his species' model.

EXMGR was born in March 15, 2008. He's part of the same batch as [JHR](#JHR) and therefore have the same birthday.

EXMGR is armless, and only has legs for limbs.

EXMGR is quite hyperactive. He speaks too fast. He is also on par with [JHR](#JHR) in his intelligence, but his hyperactivity dampens it.

EXMGR is a cisgender and heterosexual male (he/him).

EXMGR is white if skin color matters.

### HR
HR is a Sharp AY-XPM18HR [heat pump](Air%20Conditioners.md). His name is pronounced as H-R just like how you pronounce the abbreviation of *Human Resources*. His name is derived from the "HR" of his species' model.

HR was born in March 15, 2008. He's part of the same batch as [EXMGR](#EXMGR) and [JHR](#JHR). He's part of the same batch as [JHR](#JHR) and [EXMGR](#EXMGR), and therefore have the same birthday.

HR is the strongest one out of AEX. He has some anger issues, but not as severe as [Xeo](Xeo.md)'s.

HR has arms and legs.

HR is a cisgender male. HR is unlabelled in sexual orientation as he has no idea if he wants to be gay, bisexual, heterosexual or asexual. He just leaves it unlabelled just for it.

HR is (supposedly) white if skin color matters. I say supposedly because he is currently yellowed. Its not severely yellowed, and therefore it doesn't bother him. This yellowing shows HR's age. Its kinda a sore thumb, but a proud sore thumb.

### PCR
PCR is a Sharp AY-XPM7FR [heat pump](Air%20Conditioners.md). Her name is pronounced as P-C-R (Pee-See-Arr) aka like how you pronounce the PCR test for Covid-19. Her name is derived from the "XPC" and the "FR" of her species' model.

PCR was born in February 19, 2010. She's a later addition to AEX. PCR is the least dominant out of AEX.

PCR has arms and legs.

PCR is the only normal one.

PCR is a cisgender and heterosexual female (she/her).

All of the traits above make her the odd one out.

PCR's skin color is white if skin color matters.

## Personality

AEX, just like [VXU](VXU.md) is a quadruplet of a person and therefore have multiple personalities for each member.

### JHR
In a nutshell, he behaves differently in different situations. JHR is still genuinely a good guy though albeit slightly insane (sociopathy). 
#### As a host
JHR is warm and welcoming, albeit strict at times. He is also a workaholic, so he would probably get depressed if he doesn't do anything. He is the host after all, what do you expect? He wants and needs to do his job.
#### As a normal person
As a normal person, he is genuinely a good person to hang out with, but can be weird and sociopathic at times. He is not exactly normal in his mind, so he may speak random garbage that you weren't supposed to hear.

JHR is fairly chatty relatively, but he is not as chatty as [JKE](JKE.md). He likes to talk about knowledge. He likes to exchange life with you and him. JHR is practically pretty much down to basic in his chattiness, he just wants to make people comfortable. He is gentle in speech mostly.

JHR may also spew out garbage, very random garbage once in a while. Its typically indiscernible noises, or just his thoughts. JHR does this because he's slightly insane. With this trait, he might accidentally insult or call you a slur. Don't worry, it's unintentional and he does not mean it (most of the time).

JHR is also the kind of person to teach you how to do things. If you don't know how to read, or fail miserably at walking, JHR will show you how. He enjoys teaching and tutoring others. He can teach at school, but rather spends time with friends.

#### Sociopathy
In his sociopathy, his sadism manifests (not murderous). 

Nah, he is also quite uncaring at times. He doesn't care if his friends are happy or get hurt. He just does his own things. JHR can also be reckless with others during his sociopathic moments.

JHR would also distant himself from others. JHR can avoid people in this state, and even try to abstain himself. He may even isolate himself from others.

JHR might even hurt others if they annoy him in this antisocial state. He might get irritated quickly when people touch his things. This is where his sadism plays the best. He enjoys actually hurting people in cases like this.

This antisocial behavior does not manifest all the time. It only manifest either randomly or when JHR is overstressed (**EXTREME** overstress, and this is guranteed). Its kinda his stress-coping behavior, which this method is definitely not a good way to do so. He would eventually go to normal.

### EXMGR
EXMGR is the most extroverted person in AEX. He is very hyperactive and speaks way too fast. Its pretty hard to discern EXMGR's fast speech thats quite mumbling and slurring (not the offensive slurring). EXMGR has way too much energy in him probably. It's even hard for him to pay attention and focus at one part. He has severe inattention. EXMGR could potentially have ADHD.

Because of all above, his speech is quite impaired. He also has poor social skills due to it.

Despite this, EXMGR is still quite friendly. He would love to make new friends and be your friend. He can yap a lot, and with his rapid speech it can be a nightmare to listen to so please bear with it. If you want to be his friend, he would be happy to befriend you. EXMGR would also be the one to ask you if you want to be his friend.

EXMGR though has some slight sadness within him. This is because despite him wanting to make friends, he finds it hard to make befriend others at times. All of this are due to him speaking too fast and have bad social skills.

EXMGR is a good guy, with bad social skills in a nutshell.

### HR
HR is the gruffy boi. He is the strongest one, and therefore has a pretty rough and tough personality. He is not a jock though, he doesn't exercise that much.

He isn't the most welcoming, and is very irritable. HR is also quite unpleasant to interact with at times. He is also not that emotional, to the point where he doesn't let his emotions appear to others (like sadness cus boys are boys). Basically he is an unpleasant and emotionless person.

HR might have some anger issues, but its not as bad as [Xeo](Xeo.md)'s (his anger issues is mild compared to Xeo's). He has a way to deal with them, unlike Xeo lashing out on people. HR would even punch walls or tables rather than punch somebody. HR would also try to exercise his anger away (though he doesn't exercise that much). HR, basically would do whatever he can to avoid taking his anger on somebody.

Despite this, HR is not arrogant or a bully. He just keeps to himself. HR also does not like hurting others physically despite him being a gruff boi. HR would rather be alone and not interact with people rather than interact with others and potentially hurt them (maybe). He can join parties or large-aah people events for extroverts, but he would just be silent.

HR also has one good side, but it doesn't manifest in a good way. He cares for people, but mostly to AEX. He cares and will protect his siblings (AEX). HR usually does not do this for others, and even if he does so its mostly a one-time-off thing. Don't expect him to potect you randomly eh!

HR is basically a gruff introvert. He is good but he ain't nice.

### PCR
PCR is the only one whose normal in AEX. Her headspace/mental state is the most ok out of all. She's also the only female. 

PCR is the one who is completely nice unlike the others. She actually has no dark side or strange quirks. She would be the most sane out of everyone. 

PCR though is the shy one, quiet and gentle. She's also very submissive, able to be told to do things in order to make people happy. PCR is a people pleaser. PCR knows that some things may be wrong, but she still does it to please the requester. She has sociotropy.

PCR is also the one to dislike large-people events such as parties. She would beg to leave, but she can't because [EXMGR](#EXMGR) is the legs. PCR would suffer in these kind of events, but oh well. She would think *"Please get me out of here! Please kill me! I don't want to be with these many people. I am scared."*

PCR is considered as an introvert.

## Relations

### JHR

#### [MHeLy](MHeLy.md)
MHeLy is a close friend to JHR, and vice versa. MHeLy has known JHR other for longer compared to anybody else in her. They have enjoyed time together, playing and watching the silver of the night skies.
#### [KaHLium](KaHLium.md)
JHR has a love-hate relationship with KaHLium, aka a frenemy situation. 

JHR likes him because he knows that KaHLium is smart. JHR also knows that KaHLium, despite being logical and very intelligent, is miles below JHR. JHR likes to teach KaHLium a lot of things. He gives him knowledge on life and general school knowledge.

JHR also knows that KaHLium is the elder brother to MHeLy. 

JHR dislikes one thing about KaHLium, his no-nonsense nature. He feels like he can't have fun with KaHLium. Why must he be miserable all the time?

Anyways, JHR tends towards the love side more than the hate side of his relationship with KaHLium. Basically JHR is more friends than enemies with KaHLium.

#### [WELLPan](WELLPan.md)
They are good friends. JHR and WELLPan likes to read books in their spare time together.

#### [AngelSaph](AngelSaph.md)
They are actually ok friends. They spend time together, sometimes. AngelSaph is quite wary of JHR's tendency to be sociopathic.

JHR doesn't really understand why AngelSaph needs to cook and eat, not that it matters. He doesn't understand the idea of flesh. AngelSaph is a different breed to him, but they are still friends. AngelSaph's physiology is on a whole another level for JHR to comprehend.

#### [Wheamy](Wheamy.md)
JHR shows Wheamy the way to life. He shows him, how to do life skills. Wheamy doesn't exactly know a lot of things in life, so JHR guides him.

Wheamy doesn't protect JHR because JHR can do so himself.

Its pretty good basically with their relationship.

#### [CKHSC](CKHSC.md)
They teach each other. They learn from each other about life, and how it changes.

JHR shows CKHSC the way of the modern life. Its the progressive way of living, as CKHSC likes to put it. CKHSC is quite hesistant and resistant to this way, and JHR is aware of it. JHR tries to coax and guide CKHSC to the modern life.

CKHSC shows JHR the way of the traditional life, which would have been lost if it weren't for [CKHSC](CKHSC.md) and the other elders. CKHSC shows JHR the old ways, that is usually trusted and battle-tested.

With the difference in the generations, JHR and CKHSC knows the progression of life.

#### [Vista](Vista.md)
Vista is friends with [JHR](AEX.md#JHR) because of one thing they have in common: A *TRS-80 Model 100*.

They work together programming that ancient tech. Vista is the one to teach JHR because despite JHR being intelligent and able to use computers, he has no idea how to program.

They are still good friends even if you take away their *TRS-80 Model 100*.

### EXMGR

[WELLPan](WELLPan.md) is on good terms with EXMGR along with [PCR](#PCR).

Sometimes WELLPan sees EXMGR's hyperactive social nature as quite too extreme sometimes, which is very true.

### HR

#### [VXU](VXU.md)
HR has a love-hate relationship with VXU.

HR respects [MXU](VXU.md#MXU) for attempting to stop [DeltaCXG](VXU.md#DeltaCXG) if he can. HR though feels at times MXU is incompetent or even slacking off at this responsibility.

HR has problems with DeltaCXG. He does not like DeltaCXG bullying and harming others. HR would rip DeltaCXG if he dares hurt [PCR](#PCR). HR is also that one guy along with ToshyFEN to stop DeltaCXG if needed.

### PCR

[WELLPan](WELLPan.md) is on good terms with PCR along with [EXMGR](#EXMGR).


#airconditioner #multi-split

> AEX was created in October 28, 2024.

Commit message:

TLDR of personality and rewrite.

Characters/Air Conditioners/AEX.md, after:

---
aliases:
  - JHR
  - EXMGR
  - HR
  - PCR
---
AEX is a [character](Characters) the host of [[Megarchive Warehouse Show]]. AEX also used to be the host of [[AACOS]], but you know its now a part of the [[Megarchive Warehouse Show]]. 

When I said that AEX also used to be the host of AACOS, I meant [JHR](AEX.md#JHR) of AEX and not AEX as a whole. This also means that JHR is the host of MWS, and the rest are just his co-host because they are also AEX ig. To recap this, JHR is the host while the rest kinda co-hosts.

AEX is kinda like [VXU](VXU.md) in physiology. 

## Identity
AEX is a Sharp Multi-Split [heat pump](Air%20Conditioners.md) system. They are a quadruplets composed of 4 units:
- JHR (AY-XPC12JHR)
- EXMGR (AE-XM30GR)
- HR (AY-XPM18HR)
- PCR (AY-XPC7JR)

AEX's name is pronounced as:
- AYX (Aycks)
- AEX (A-E-X)
- Axe
- Ex

These quadruplets are siblings. AEX is like [VXU](VXU.md), where they are four person in a single person. [JHR](#JHR) is the dominant sibling out of AEX.

Have this dominance list (top is most dominant):
1. [JHR](#JHR)
2. [EXMGR](#EXMGR)
3. [HR](#HR)
4. [PCR](#PCR)
Yeah, PCR is least dominant in AEX despite her being the nicest. Funnily enough, she is the only normal one, cus everyone else in AEX has something wrong in some way mentally. Everyone does not have full-on mental disorders such as [ToshyFEN](ToshyFEN.md) and no way are they as bad as ToshyFEN's mental health, and this also means that everyone is sane. Nobody is insane in AEX. Its just that everyone except PCR have quirks in their mental state/headspace.

Another note is despite JHR being more dominant than EXMGR, EXMGR is the method of locomotion for AEX. So EXMGR is responsible for movement because he is the legs while JHR, HR and PCR are not the legs.

Have this friendliness list (top is the most friendly):
1. [PCR](#PCR)
2. [EXMGR](#EXMGR)
3. [JHR](#JHR)
4. [HR](#HR)

Have this sanity ranking too (Top is most sane, bottom is least):
- [PCR](#PCR)
- [HR](#HR)
- [JHR](#JHR)
- [EXMGR](#EXMGR)
Everyone here is still sane, don't worry. This is just relative to each members of AEX. EXMGR while being the least sane in AEX, is still sane to the outside world. This means that PCR, HR and JHR is still sane as EXMGR is the least sane in this siblingry while still being sane to the outside world.

Everyone in AEX is some kind of european. AEX is also european.

AEX identifies as non-binary would like to be referred to as they/them, meanwhile each individual members have their own pronouns and gender identity. This is because if you are referring to AEX, just like [VXU](VXU.md) you are referring to 4 person rather than one and therefore would be a mix of gender and pronouns (the non-binaryness is to help abstract the differences).

Whatever you do, don't try to disconnect a member of AEX from AEX. This is not only rude, but would also hurt them. An example is disconnecting [EXMGR](AEX.md#EXMGR) from [JHR](#JHR) by ripping JHR off or disconnecting the cables. Not only would it hurt both EXMGR and JHR, but it would also hurt [HR](#HR) and [PCR](#PCR).

Some cool things is that [JHR](#JHR) is the only one capable of being installed as a single-split system. [PCR](#PCR) and [HR](#HR) is meant for multi-split installations (which they are right now) and not single split systems. [EXMGR](#EXMGR) is an outdoor unit for multi-split systems.

[EXMGR](#EXMGR), [JHR](#JHR) and [HR](#HR) are the original installations while [PCR](#PCR) is a later addition.
### JHR
JHR is a wall-mounted Sharp AY-XPC12JHR [heat pump](Air%20Conditioners.md). His name is pronounced as Jay-Eitch-Ar and derived from the JHR part of his species as a Sharp AY-XPC12JHR.

JHR is the dominant sibling out of AEX. He is not the strongest one physically though in AEX. JHR is one of the most intelligent person in MWS.

JHR has arms and legs.

JHR is considered sociopathic and sadistic. His sadism is not that extreme and it only manifests in his sociopathy. Basically he has *Antisocial Personality Disorder*.

He was born in March 15, 2008. JHR is a cisgender and bisexual male (he/him).  
If skin color is considered, he is white.

JHR owns a *TRS-80 Model 100* portable computer. He finds it way useful for life and work purposes. The other people to own a *TRS-80 Model 100* is [Vista](Vista.md).

### EXMGR
EXMGR is a Sharp AE-XM30GR [outdoor unit](Air%20Conditioners.md). EXMGR though can support 4 units, is configured to support 3 because of [HR](#HR). 

EXMGR's name is pronounced as:
- E-X-M-G-R
- E-X-Manager (Prefered)
- Ex-Manager
- Ex-M-G-R
His name is derived from the "AE-X" and the "GR" of his species' model.

EXMGR was born in March 15, 2008. He's part of the same batch as [JHR](#JHR) and therefore have the same birthday.

EXMGR is armless, and only has legs for limbs.

EXMGR is quite hyperactive. He speaks too fast. He is also on par with [JHR](#JHR) in his intelligence, but his hyperactivity dampens it.

EXMGR is a cisgender and heterosexual male (he/him).

EXMGR is white if skin color matters.

### HR
HR is a Sharp AY-XPM18HR [heat pump](Air%20Conditioners.md). His name is pronounced as H-R just like how you pronounce the abbreviation of *Human Resources*. His name is derived from the "HR" of his species' model.

HR was born in March 15, 2008. He's part of the same batch as [EXMGR](#EXMGR) and [JHR](#JHR). He's part of the same batch as [JHR](#JHR) and [EXMGR](#EXMGR), and therefore have the same birthday.

HR is the strongest one out of AEX. He has some anger issues, but not as severe as [Xeo](Xeo.md)'s.

HR has arms and legs.

HR is a cisgender male. HR is unlabelled in sexual orientation as he has no idea if he wants to be gay, bisexual, heterosexual or asexual. He just leaves it unlabelled just for it.

HR is (supposedly) white if skin color matters. I say supposedly because he is currently yellowed. Its not severely yellowed, and therefore it doesn't bother him. This yellowing shows HR's age. Its kinda a sore thumb, but a proud sore thumb.

### PCR
PCR is a Sharp AY-XPM7FR [heat pump](Air%20Conditioners.md). Her name is pronounced as P-C-R (Pee-See-Arr) aka like how you pronounce the PCR test for Covid-19. Her name is derived from the "XPC" and the "FR" of her species' model.

PCR was born in February 19, 2010. She's a later addition to AEX. PCR is the least dominant out of AEX.

PCR has arms and legs.

PCR is the only normal one.

PCR is a cisgender and heterosexual female (she/her).

All of the traits above make her the odd one out.

PCR's skin color is white if skin color matters.

## Personality

AEX, just like [VXU](VXU.md) is a quadruplet of a person and therefore have multiple personalities for each member.

### JHR
In a nutshell, he behaves differently in different situations. JHR is still genuinely a good guy though albeit slightly insane (sociopathy or more like just quite cold). He has two personalities to say the least.

TLDR: Nice, educational. Cold, strict, stern and potentially coarse at times. Slight saddism. Antisocial at times too, but less often and yet still noticeable. Weird kind-of and two-faced at times (basically two personalities). Slightly insane. Believes in open and common knowledge.
#### As a host
Well, he's welcoming. He can be strict and stern, following the rules. He might get overboard, but he won't.

This is basically a part of his two-faced personality.
#### As a normal person
JHR can yap and talk a lot of things. Some of it may be weird and kinda sus when taken out of context. He yaps a lot, and most of which is quite useful info. If you ask him to show you the way by education, he will share and teach you the knowledge. JHR is not as talkative as [JKE](JKE.md).

He may spew out from his speech some random garbage or like I said, dangerous things (when out of context). Its mostly from his mind, and we know what his mind is based of what he may leak. He does this cus he's slightly insane but ye.

JHR would like to spread his knowledge to others. He believes that knowledge should be everywhere and people should know it. This is why he sometimes teaches people some ways as he believes not only is that knowledge in question useful, but beneficial.

At Times, JHR may be antisocial and cold. He might be indifferent or just dgaf about people's feelings. He might even be slightly saddistic to others. Don't worry, its just rare and he is genuinely good alright. 

JHR might go into this other personality side randomly since he is well slightly insane, but by random is rare. What most likely causes this is JHR being overstressed.

### EXMGR
TLDR: Crazed, Babbler, Good, Erratic, Happy, Bizarre. Lacking in social skills. Friendly, accepting. Slightly depressed, but not too bad to overpower his happiness.

EXMGR is the most extroverted person in AEX. He is very hyperactive and speaks way too fast. Its pretty hard to discern EXMGR's fast speech thats quite mumbling and slurring (not the offensive slurring). EXMGR has way too much energy in him probably. It's even hard for him to pay attention and focus at one part. He has severe inattention. EXMGR could potentially have ADHD.

Because of all above, his speech is quite impaired. He also has poor social skills due to it.

Despite this, EXMGR is still quite friendly. He would love to make new friends and be your friend. He can yap a lot, and with his rapid speech it can be a nightmare to listen to so please bear with it. If you want to be his friend, he would be happy to befriend you. EXMGR would also be the one to ask you if you want to be his friend.

EXMGR though has some slight sadness within him. This is because despite him wanting to make friends, he finds it hard to make befriend others at times. All of this are due to him speaking too fast and have bad social skills.

EXMGR is a good guy, with bad social skills in a nutshell.

### HR
TLDR: Cold, Aggressive, Introverted. Slightly angry. Good in the inside, but not good on the outside.

HR is the gruffy boi. He is the strongest one, and therefore has a pretty rough and tough personality. He is not a jock though, he doesn't exercise that much.

He isn't the most welcoming, and is very irritable. HR is also quite unpleasant to interact with at times. He is also not that emotional, to the point where he doesn't let his emotions appear to others (like sadness cus boys are boys). Basically he is an unpleasant and emotionless person.

HR might have some anger issues, but its not as bad as [Xeo](Xeo.md)'s (his anger issues is mild compared to Xeo's). He has a way to deal with them, unlike Xeo lashing out on people. HR would even punch walls or tables rather than punch somebody. HR would also try to exercise his anger away (though he doesn't exercise that much). HR, basically would do whatever he can to avoid taking his anger on somebody.

Despite this, HR is not arrogant or a bully. He just keeps to himself. HR also does not like hurting others physically despite him being a gruff boi. HR would rather be alone and not interact with people rather than interact with others and potentially hurt them (maybe). He can join parties or large-aah people events for extroverts, but he would just be silent.

HR also has one good side, but it doesn't manifest in a good way. He cares for people, but mostly to AEX. He cares and will protect his siblings (AEX). HR usually does not do this for others, and even if he does so its mostly a one-time-off thing. Don't expect him to potect you randomly eh!

HR is basically a gruff introvert. He is good but he ain't nice.

### PCR
TLDR: The most sane and normal. No strings-attached goodness of evilness. Shy, Introverted, Submissive. People-pleaser with sociotropy. Large event haters. 

PCR is the only one whose normal in AEX. Her headspace/mental state is the most ok out of all. She's also the only female. 

PCR is the one who is completely nice unlike the others. She actually has no dark side or strange quirks. She would be the most sane out of everyone. 

PCR though is the shy one, quiet and gentle. She's also very submissive, able to be told to do things in order to make people happy. PCR is a people pleaser. PCR knows that some things may be wrong, but she still does it to please the requester. She has sociotropy.

PCR is also the one to dislike large-people events such as parties. She would beg to leave, but she can't because [EXMGR](#EXMGR) is the legs. PCR would suffer in these kind of events, but oh well. She would think *"Please get me out of here! Please kill me! I don't want to be with these many people. I am scared."*

PCR is considered as an introvert.

## Relations

### JHR

#### [MHeLy](MHeLy.md)
MHeLy is a close friend to JHR, and vice versa. MHeLy has known JHR other for longer compared to anybody else in her. They have enjoyed time together, playing and watching the silver of the night skies.
#### [KaHLium](KaHLium.md)
JHR has a love-hate relationship with KaHLium, aka a frenemy situation. 

JHR likes him because he knows that KaHLium is smart. JHR also knows that KaHLium, despite being logical and very intelligent, is miles below JHR. JHR likes to teach KaHLium a lot of things. He gives him knowledge on life and general school knowledge.

JHR also knows that KaHLium is the elder brother to MHeLy. 

JHR dislikes one thing about KaHLium, his no-nonsense nature. He feels like he can't have fun with KaHLium. Why must he be miserable all the time?

Anyways, JHR tends towards the love side more than the hate side of his relationship with KaHLium. Basically JHR is more friends than enemies with KaHLium.

#### [WELLPan](WELLPan.md)
They are good friends. JHR and WELLPan likes to read books in their spare time together.

#### [AngelSaph](AngelSaph.md)
They are actually ok friends. They spend time together, sometimes. AngelSaph is quite wary of JHR's tendency to be sociopathic.

JHR doesn't really understand why AngelSaph needs to cook and eat, not that it matters. He doesn't understand the idea of flesh. AngelSaph is a different breed to him, but they are still friends. AngelSaph's physiology is on a whole another level for JHR to comprehend.

#### [Wheamy](Wheamy.md)
JHR shows Wheamy the way to life. He shows him, how to do life skills. Wheamy doesn't exactly know a lot of things in life, so JHR guides him.

Wheamy doesn't protect JHR because JHR can do so himself.

Its pretty good basically with their relationship.

#### [CKHSC](CKHSC.md)
They teach each other. They learn from each other about life, and how it changes.

JHR shows CKHSC the way of the modern life. Its the progressive way of living, as CKHSC likes to put it. CKHSC is quite hesistant and resistant to this way, and JHR is aware of it. JHR tries to coax and guide CKHSC to the modern life.

CKHSC shows JHR the way of the traditional life, which would have been lost if it weren't for [CKHSC](CKHSC.md) and the other elders. CKHSC shows JHR the old ways, that is usually trusted and battle-tested.

With the difference in the generations, JHR and CKHSC knows the progression of life.

#### [Vista](Vista.md)
Vista is friends with [JHR](AEX.md#JHR) because of one thing they have in common: A *TRS-80 Model 100*.

They work together programming that ancient tech. Vista is the one to teach JHR because despite JHR being intelligent and able to use computers, he has no idea how to program.

They are still good friends even if you take away their *TRS-80 Model 100*.

### EXMGR

[WELLPan](WELLPan.md) is on good terms with EXMGR along with [PCR](#PCR).

Sometimes WELLPan sees EXMGR's hyperactive social nature as quite too extreme sometimes, which is very true.

### HR

#### [VXU](VXU.md)
HR has a love-hate relationship with VXU.

HR respects [MXU](VXU.md#MXU) for attempting to stop [DeltaCXG](VXU.md#DeltaCXG) if he can. HR though feels at times MXU is incompetent or even slacking off at this responsibility.

HR has problems with DeltaCXG. He does not like DeltaCXG bullying and harming others. HR would rip DeltaCXG if he dares hurt [PCR](#PCR). HR is also that one guy along with ToshyFEN to stop DeltaCXG if needed.

### PCR

[WELLPan](WELLPan.md) is on good terms with PCR along with [EXMGR](#EXMGR).


#airconditioner #multi-split

> AEX was created in October 28, 2024.
